1811 feat add io threads and correspondence of data types for python udf (#1920)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/udf/udf-python.md

import socket

# Define a scalar function that returns a single value
@udf(input_types=['INT', 'INT'], result_type='INT', io_threads=32)

> def gcd(x, y):

Reviewer: `io_threads` is not designed for this kind of functions.

We can add another example to show the expected scenario:

```python
# set the `io_threads` parameter to run multiple function calls concurrently on a thread pool
@udf(input_types=["INT"], result_type="INT", io_threads=32)
def blocking(x):
    time.sleep(0.01) # some blocking operations
    return x
```

The code defines two scalar functions and one table function:

> - The scalar function `gcd`, decorated with `@udf`, takes two integer inputs and returns the greatest common divisor of the two integers. The `io_threads` parameter specifies the number of threads that the Python UDF will use during execution to enhance processing performance and efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The scalar function `gcd`, decorated with `@udf`, takes two integer inputs and returns the greatest common divisor of the two integers. 
- The scalar function `blocking`, decorated with `@udf`. The `io_threads` parameter specifies the number of threads that the Python UDF will use during execution to enhance processing performance of IO-intensive functions. Please note that multithreading can not speed up compute-intensive functions due to the GIL.
```
